Allow  logout (#7)
AndyClausen/yarn-plugin-gcp-auth: README.md

## Commands

- `yarn gcp-auth refresh`: clears plugin cache and forces the plugin to fetch a new token.

> - `yarn gcp-auth logout`: clears plugin cache, helps ensured no token left in the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `yarn gcp-auth logout`: clears plugin cache to ensure no token is left in the system.
```
